ABOUT US


Pixes&bytes is designed to effectively provide top-notch solutions to businesses and ideas by blending creativity, innovative technology and experience. With this, we can position businesses at the top of their industry. As a brand and product – driven company, we are dedicated in ensuring our solutions are continuous and sustainable. With our expertise and a team of highly creative minds, both at home and abroad we can effectively create lasting value for businesses.

In today's digital business world, you need a partner who can help you take advantage of marketing opportunities across a variety of channels in Realtime. Plethub combines a data-driven approach with knowledge gained from years in Technology to deliver outstanding results to our clients

Pixels&bytes is an end-to-end provider of Technological services. Whether you're looking for a turnkey managed strategy, an independent audit, or services specific
to a short-term campaign, our experience and approach are sure to prove to be an asset.


<----attach images to identical numbers on their profile below --->

1.KELVIN ADUBA 
CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER 


An Information Technology professional, and a pioneer of custom solutions, that have become central components in our client’s business success. His technology and industry expertise, enables us to partner with clients to deliver sophisticated solutions rapidly and on budget. 

He holds a B. Eng degree in Electrical Electronics (First Class Honours) from University of Nigeria, Nsukka and an M. Sc in Control Systems (Distinction) from Imperial College, UK.

2 IVY MADUABUEKE
DIRECTOR OF TECHNOLOGY

Ivy has a demonstrated history of working in the information technology and services industry. Skilled in Python, Java, Requirements Analysis, Database design and Agile Methodologies. Strong engineering professional with a Bachelor’s Degree focused in Computer Engineering from University of Benin.

He mentors development teams in Agile SDLC best practices and ensures the release of premium-quality applications that provided intuitive and secure experiences for users.


3 NANA BOATENG
TECHNOLOGY MANAGER (SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT)

An experienced software engineer, with a vast expertise in Database Administration, Programming, Data Analysis and DevOps. Her dedicated application and disciplined approach to software design, implementation, software deployment, product development and quality assurance, has helped improve businesses for higher productivity and profits.



4 ABEL NDUMA
TECHNOLOGY MANAGER (USER EXPERIENCE)

Jerry has passion for great design. He leads a team of highly-skilled experts in User Experience Design and Front-End Development to apply modern design principles, combined with the latest in mobile, cloud and desktop technologies. He creates solutions from design patterns, interactive content layers, cognitive interfaces to provide produce amazing layouts and operability.

Jerry has a BSc in Computer Science from the University of Ghana.



5 FOLA OSBORNE
 CO-FOUNDER AND CEO

The Founder and CEO at Pixels and bytes Ltd, a Global Technology company founded in 2010. His diverse background and ability as an innovative leader to span a breadth of businesses; has enabled us to build and deploy technology platforms, which realize tangible business benefits for enterprise businesses across the globe. 

He holds two degrees: B.ENGR (First Class Honors) from Unilag and a PGD in Science & Engineering from University Of Liverpool UK.




6.MICHEAL EZE
TECHNOLOGY MANAGER (USER INTERFACE)

<--add yours--->

 



Portfolio.



SIKA - GHANA

We created a rich, user-focused design to craft a seamless digital experience for payments.

CLEVER CODERS - SOUTH AFRICA
We designed a new user experience to solve a customer service problem enabling them manage their site across different regions, languages, and product lines.



CONTACT US

replcate this.
https://www.mossio.co/about-us/



